Support instrument registry in newer SDK, add (#1171)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-android: CHANGELOG.md

# App Center SDK for Android Change Log

## Version 2.2.0 (Under development)

### App Center

* **[Fix]** Check for running in App Center Test will now work when using AndroidX instead of the support library.

> * **[Feature]** Add `AppCenter.isRunningInAppCenterTestCloud` to provide method to check if app is running in Test Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Feature]** Add `AppCenter.isRunningInAppCenterTestCloud` to provide method to check if the application is running in Test Cloud.
```

### App Center

* **[Fix]** Handle incorrect usage of `AppCenter.setLogUrl` API to provide readable error message.

> * **[Fix]** Check for running in App Center Test will now work on newer Android SDKs.

Reviewer: Conflict

> * **[Fix]** Check for running in App Center Test will now work on newer Android SDKs.

Reviewer: We already prepared (and thus froze code) for release 2.1.0, so this will have to be moved to 2.2.0.

> * **[Fix]** Check for running in App Center Test will now work on newer Android SDKs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Check for running in App Center Test will now work when using AndroidX instead of the support library.
```
This is not directly related to Android version but rather which test framework being used.
